Wow really good really excited for
today's video it's something really
different I haven't done this on of my
channel I'm going to be testing out sort
of a tick tock food like snack ideas I
have been spending so much time
specifically this week on tick tock I
keep like flicking on the app and then
and how it passes and I've lost an hour
of my life and I'm just like this at
very like smiling at my phone and you
know the coffee fluff one that's been
going around for ages I really want to
master that if I ordered this all
families in this little wizards because
that's definitely not the name it's
quite catchy isn't it jump straight into
it but before we do that if you could
hit this video live between this round I
could want if you like it really
supports my channel and we'll just get
into it
first we're gonna do I'm gonna start
with the one that takes the longest
because I need to pop it in at the
freezer for two hours and this is some
new yogurt bar I've never actually tried
doing this myself refreshing snacks I'm
gonna give this one a go I love that
tick tock it is just all really simple
and quick stuff which I'm all about I
don't actually have any like parchment
paper or baking paper so I'm gonna have
to use something else that can find it
out of stock everywhere in the UK sound
effect on some of these tips on video is
killing me off I think that's what makes
the video and then a strip a parchment
paper like that's what this quarantine
has taught me just make dude what you
thought or I don't know where that
tinfoil would work better than just a
little strip about fruit leaf fine but
he just let you use just plain yogurt
and added some fruit on top but I'm kind
of I'm gonna
some protein powders I can hit my macros
and I don't actually had too much y'all
got left in here so I'm just gonna pull
the protein powder into oh just take me
to the first time use it apple flavored
whey protein that's quite tangy I'm
going to add some chia seeds and also
this sweet freedom choc sauce for the
topic these are my fav at the moment and
then that just goes in the freezer for
two hours I try to make it all artsy
I've just cut this bark up into chunks
two hours later it was actually longer
than that kind of a yogurt bar with
protein toppings look really good as
well so I'm really happy with how this
turned out the protein powder I use
isn't my favorite flavor that's the only
problem I think I do it all like a
different flavor next I'm not the Apple
one on to the next one which is the
fluffy iced coffee
I'm really excited to try this she's
pretty much I think all you need is like
a free milk some sugar and some instant
coffee just a couple of vanilla flavor
drops my Whizzer thing and some iced tea
then I'm just gonna add it all in this
bowl and then that it's like my coffee
cook whiskey glass love that
pretty much like two teaspoons of coffee
and then the same water back to the tea
spoon
cabbies kind of three in there and I'm
going to use this but I'm really worried
this is gonna like split over what get
this thing under control a second right
it's just I go all over my kitchen top
Wow all the tree is going fluffy I
really think these are so handy and
there are only like a few pounds off
Amazon right so I'm gonna add like two
or three drops of this I just thought
this would add some sweetness okay so I
did that for like about five minutes and
I think that is done like that is pretty
fluffy stir a little into stories Wow
and I'm gonna take my ice cream that is
pretty much - I've gone like the nicest
consistency and pour that in there
that looks so nice oh my God look how
divine look I've just sprinkled some
like a bit of cacao powder on top I got
to try this is a try oh my god that is
divine that is so nice mmm the nicest
car I've had in a long time and it's not
too strong it's really sweet if you like
Starbucks vanilla Frappuccino you are
going to love this you've got to try
this one at home I don't think you need
the little whiskey thing you just have
to whisk it with like a fork or a whisk
this looks so good and the sound of
copyright to clean just like crisps
obviously the new CARICOM crisps I think
it's like chips isn't it in the u.s. I
can't believe I've never actually done
this before I've definitely thought of
it but never had to try and it is
chopping up one of the even two really
fine it'll bits and then I'm hoping that
India but listen you could do it with
veg as well but in like overnight to
preheat it's your 200 degrees there
aren't any like timings or anything I'm
not quite sure what she use them them
other than a lot of oil it was so quick
to cook as Romana do they were like
super thin
[Music]
I've just chopped them up really finely
like as finely as I could watch your
fingers when you do do that part and
yeah I'm just gonna put some bit
seasoning on so I'm just gonna use this
one calorie fry light spray it's just a
lot a lot of calories and like olive oil
for my season is I'm just going to use
an Italian seasoning I feel it is the
most time on potatoes I just ripped very
very seasoning Hey so here are the
crease like some have gone the thinner
ones are gone like a little bit burnt
compared to you that is really not so
crisp and it tastes so nice addition for
a half an hour mmm so good I'm gonna be
living my life through it tick tock now
oh this next one I feel a bit like this
could actually work it looks amazing on
here quite minimal ingredients is where
I'm gonna is like a healthy mug cake and
just like a microwave
one minute thing so just mix a bunch of
ingredients really but I just don't know
how this work so it's like a bit of milk
mix and bake microwave one minute look
at that that looks insane isn't it what
is this actually gonna work so let's
give it a try anyway please this looks
is all it is but she just meant to isn't
it so some rolled oats a little bit of
sweetener a bit of baking powder an egg
using a Belgian options pop shop some
milk but I'm just taking a little bit of
sweetener and like a quarter of a
tablespoon and then the same kind of
around just like
so a little bit of baking powder so
happy if it's work it is really low
calories got two tablespoons three
tablespoons to three right I think
that's about right and three tablespoons
of the milk
excuse the mess that's just gone
absolutely
various spillage over there that got
really messy really quick and then I'm
gonna get this whisker oh wait oh I'm
just gonna whisk it with a for the
Romney extra taste amazed it it's going
in let's do this so it looks like right
now oh my gosh feel nervous I really
want this one to work I might just put
that in its risen so remotely shocked
well good how is that possible well I
mean just put it in refuel seconds at
this side just looks like it needs a
little bit more right let's see what
another 30 seconds looks like a so
that's after another 30 seconds so like
a minute 30
[Music]
what oh my god there's certain thing
look at that like its massive it looks
bigger than home that is crazy I'm so
happy that it's actually massive as well
I'm gonna put some this strawberries and
some low-calorie chocolate shot sauce
look at that Wow both it's so minimal
and one minute nice I'm just gonna try
this nine point five out of ten
but I'll be was just stunned in on my
leg hello it's literally just like the
fluffier thing Mason wants to try this
you won't believe what's in this it's a
mug cake honestly try that quick steam
coming up no I didn't hurt you rate that
up but I enjoy doing this videos so much
and that brings us to the end of this
video I have like potato chips in my
mouth right now
I've just been eating all of that and
they taste so good really really
recommend trying that some of you were
so shocked and I just all pretty damn
quick if you haven't already I would
love you to stick around and subscribe
to my channel and like this video if you
haven't already let me know if you have
any other video
suggestions that you'd like to see next
we'll see you in its video